Fix minor typos (#6556)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/knn/knn-index.md

Paramater Name | Required | Default | Updatable | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> `m` | false | 1 | false |  Determine how many sub-vectors to break the vector into. Sub-vectors are encoded independently of each other. This dimension of the vector must be divisible by `m`. Max value is 1024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`m` | false | 1 | false |  Determines the number of subvectors to break the vector into. Subvectors are encoded independently of each other. This dimension of the vector must be divisible by `m`. Maximum value is 1,024.
```

Reviewer 2: @kolchfa-aws Your call as to whether it would sound better to say "the number of subvectors into which to break the vector."

> `code_size` | false | 8 | false | Determine the number of bits to encode a sub-vector into. Max value is 8. **Note** --- for IVF, this value must be less than or equal to 8. For HNSW, this value can only be 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`code_size` | false | 8 | false | Determines the number of bits to encode a subvector into. Maximum value is 8. For IVF, this value must be less than or equal to 8. For HNSW, this value can only be 8.
```

Reviewer 2: @kolchfa-aws Your call as to whether it would sound better to say "the number of bits into which to encode a subvector."
